CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

This is a practical guidance for contributions to this repository. Give the repository a star ⭐, it really helps!

## Mindset

When you start a conversation, you don't have to be **welcoming** (e.g. Hello), or mention authors (e.g. @FrameMuse) every time.
We all understand our assignement here and don't get upset if we don't get "hello".

When people reply you with _neutral_ sounding text, it may sound rude - while **it's not**, please, don't take it personal.

Be proffesional, tactical and straighforward. If you want to relax and get chills with authors and some other contributors,
you can visit our [Dicord Server](https://discord.gg/sHp2pxrSws).

## Taking over Issues

1. Choose what you think you're confident in
2. Make you sure you understand the scope of the work, you can do it via a single comment, letting maintainers know what you're willing to change and how you approach it
3. Get approval and Assigement to the issue
4. Make a fork (and branch optionally)
5. Start working
6. Open a Pull Request

## Pull Request

- PR should have a summary if you feel like it needs explanation (you don't need to force yourself to write it, keep it as short as possible)
- Commits should follow ["conventional commits"](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- Code style should be similar to what it is currently written in
- Follow the spec, create tests and documentation if you're not so lazy 😊
- Get PR approval
- If there was some time after approval, kindly ask to merge

If you have any questions or would like to consult, don't be shy to text maintainers in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/sHp2pxrSws), via email or [open discussions](https://github.com/pinely-international/tama/discussions).
Try to not open **unrelated** conversations in issues just to contact maintainers (if there are other ways to).

Commit message:

Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` with AI usage guidelines

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

This is a practical guidance for contributions to this repository. Give the repository a star ⭐, it really helps!

## Mindset

When you start a conversation, you don't have to be **welcoming** (e.g. Hello), or mention authors (e.g. @FrameMuse) every time.
We all understand our assignement here and don't get upset if we don't get "hello".

When people reply you with _neutral_ sounding text, it may sound rude - while **it's not**, please, don't take it personal.

Be proffesional, tactical and straighforward. If you want to relax and get chills with authors and some other contributors,
you can visit our [Dicord Server](https://discord.gg/sHp2pxrSws).

**AI (Assisted Insecurity)**
Don't use Language Models, Copilots, Generated content or any Coding Assistance tools, they usually get everything wrong.
You can use it if it really just eases your work. If you don't understand what you're doing and prompting it with some descriptions,
you may not create a Pull Request - you will suffer from numerous (endless) change requests.
In simple words, if you wait for ideas from AI - don't create a PR, if you put **your ideas** in prompting and refine generated content - you're good.

## Taking over Issues

1. Choose what you think you're confident in
2. Make you sure you understand the scope of the work, you can do it via a single comment, letting maintainers know what you're willing to change and how you approach it
3. Get approval and Assigement to the issue
4. Make a fork (and branch optionally)
5. Start working
6. Open a Pull Request

## Pull Request

- PR should have a summary if you feel like it needs explanation (you don't need to force yourself to write it, keep it as short as possible)
- Commits should follow ["conventional commits"](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- Code style should be similar to what it is currently written in
- Follow the spec, create tests and documentation if you're not so lazy 😊
- Get PR approval
- If there was some time after approval, kindly ask to merge

If you have any questions or would like to consult, don't be shy to text maintainers in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/sHp2pxrSws), via email or [open discussions](https://github.com/pinely-international/tama/discussions).
Try to not open **unrelated** conversations in issues just to contact maintainers (if there are other ways to).
